Add note for unmaintained community-supported plugins (#9550)
hashicorp/packer: README.md

[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for best practices and instructions on setting up your development environment
to work on Packer.

> ## Unmaintained Plugins

Reviewer: Just wondering here: Could 'unmaintained' be too strong of a statement ? Could we say 'community-supported' like we already do ? ( basically meaning we will merge your stuff but not actively maintain it ? ). At the same time it is nice to have a difference between community maintained and not maintained at all...

As contributors' circumstances change, development on a community-maintained
plugins can slow. When this happens, the Packer team may mark a plugin as
unmaintained, to clearly signal the plugin's status to users.

What does **unmaintained** mean?

1. The code repository and all commit history will still be available.
1. Documentation will remain on the Packer website.
1. Issues and pull requests are monitored as a best effort.
1. No active development will be performed by the Packer team.

If anyone from the community or an interested third party is willing to

> maintain a community supported plugin, they can fork the repository for

Reviewer 2: What do you think of something like this instead? 

```suggestion
contribute to a community supported plugin, please make a PR! We try to prioritize pull request review, even for "unmaintained" plugins. 
```
